# SOCKit: Socker-Oriented Concurrency Kit
This project is built with [dune](https://dune.build/). Clone the repo and run `dune build` to build the project (don't `dune init`!).

```sh
git clone git@github.com:rdnajac/SOCKit.git
cd SOCKit
dune build
```

Optionally, run `dune install` to install the project to your system.

## Hello, World!
To make sure the project builds correctly run `dune exec -- sockit --hello`.
If you opted to install the project, you can simply run `sockit --hello` instead.

## Project Structure
```
sockit/
│
├── bin/
│   ├── main.ml
│   └── dune
│
├── src/
│   ├── ast/
│   │   ├── ast.ml
│   │   └── dune
│   ├── codegen/
│   │   ├── codegen.ml
│   │   └── dune
│   ├── hello/
│   │   ├── hello.ml
│   │   └── dune
│   ├── interpreter/
│   │   ├── interpreter.ml
│   │   └── dune
│   ├── sast/
│   │   ├── sast.ml
│   │   └── dune
│   ├── semant/
│   │   ├── semant.ml
│   │   └── dune
│   │
│   ├── dune
│   ├── parser.mly
│   └── scanner.mll
│
├── test/
│   ├── test.ml
│   └── dune
│
├── dune-project
├── dune
├── sock.opam
├── .ocamlformat
└── README.md

```

### `dune-project`
This file is used to specify the version of dune to use, among other globs.

### `dune`
This file is used to specify the build configuration for the project. 

### `SOCK.opam`
This file is used to provide information to `opam`, The project's package manager. Do not edit this file directly, `dune` will handle it.

### `.ocamlformat`
Don't edit this file. This lets us run `dune fmt` to automatically format our code.

### `/bin/`
This is where the `sockit` executable is built. There is one file, `main.ml`, which is the entry point for the program.

### `/src/`
everything here is built with `dune build` automatically when we build from the top level directory
* lexer.mll (builds with `ocamllex`)
* parser.mly (builds with `ocamllyacc`)
* ast.ml (abstract syntax tree)
* sast.ml (semantic abstract syntax tree)
* semant.ml (semantic analysis)
* codegen.ml (code generation)
* interpreter.ml (not a compiler!)

# TODO
## TODO for Hello World Submission
**URGENT**

* summarize the work done so far and work left until completion (with the expected timeline) in the README.md file
* include source code in *our* language in the `/test/` directory
* update the language implementation for SOCKit features

## TODO for Final Submission
* require `dune clean` and `dune fmt` before pushing to the repo
    - this can be done with a git hook
    - for now, just remember to do it please
* set up testing
    - process example files
    - add a `dune runtest` command
* pin llvm version in opam file
* check cross-platform compatibility

